# DTLE Assignment, WS 2025/26

This repository contains all the files which are required for the final assignment.

## Coding Project

We want to simulate a simple light indicator that displays a certain color according to the temperature in a room. The room has a temperature sensor (`TempSensor`) and an LED (`Led`) that indicates the comfort level. The LED is initially off and should display different colors depending on the temperature. This functionality should be implemented in a simple `Controller`.

The controller should implement the following functionality:

- If the temperature is **below a lower threshold**, the LED should turn **blue** (too cold).
- If the temperature is **between the lower and upper thresholds**, the LED should turn **green** (comfortable).
- If the temperature is **above the upper threshold**, the LED should turn **red** (too hot).

## File Structure

```bash
inc/TempSensor.hpp
inc/Led.hpp
inc/Controller.cpp
src/TempSensor.cpp
src/Led.cpp
src/Controller.cpp
tests/test_all.cpp
CMakeLists.txt
README.md
```

## Classes

### Led

- Has a `Color` member (`OFF`, `BLUE`, `GREEN`, `RED`)
- Has a getter and setter for the `Color`
- Will be initialized with `Color` `OFF`

### TempSensor

- Has a `temperature` member
- Gets an initial temperature via the constructor
- Has a getter and setter for the `temperature`

### Controller

- Gets the `Led` and `Temperature` in the constructor
- Has an `Update` method which controls the `Led` according to the `Temperature` value

## Tests

The `test_all.cpp` should contain the following:

- Create a `TempSensor`, an `Led`, and a `Controller`
- Use the `Update` method to simulate all possible color changes
- Use `ASSERT_EQ` to check the `Led` colors

## Build

The project should be built in a separate directory (not in the source folder):

```bash
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make
```

## Run Tests

After compilation, run all tests with `make test`. All tests must pass.

## Package and Upload

When you have finished the challenge, use the `pack.sh` script to prepare your package.

## Submission

Upload the final package (as being generated by the `pack.sh` script) to Moodle.

## BONUS

Also create a `src/main.cpp` and an executable artifact with the following functionality:

- Ask the user about the temperature
- Display the LED color to the console
- Repeat until user presses `Control-C`
